Sir.
Your father doesn't have much time left.
When will you stop racing
and take over the business?
His only wish is to
see you get married and have kids.
Marriage and kids? Maybe.
But giving up racing?
No way.
Get past him!
Wow!
Charles is a racing genius!
He's got 24 wins
including the latest match this year!
But most importantly,
he's tall, rich, and hot!
His family even owns this hospital.
Look at him.
Is he your type?
Just ok.
Joseph,
sometimes I wonder
if you're asexual.
It's been ages,
but you've never dated anyone!
Don't tell me...
you're into me!
I do like men,
but that doesn't mean
I don't have any standards.
Alright.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
You're a urologist.
If people find out that you're gay,
you could lose your job.
Hey!
What?
Looks like...
I need to get another doctor.
My patient's coming.
Just go and...
Race King?
My God!
It's really you!
Hey.
You can go now.
No, wait!
Hey!
How can I help?
I can't...
can't get hard.
Take off your pants.
Lie down.
What?